Feed 2.4.3 Open-Source ---------------

Public Release Date: October 16th, 2011
Publisher: Frakture Studios
Developed with: BYOND engine(currently built around 497.1147)


------------- A Message from the Developers

Feed has been an incredible learning experience for all of us who worked on it and it has been an amazing adventure
over the past year. The game grew and so did our experience as developers and we hope that you as a developer
will be able to learn from this as we did. Even if you're thinking, "Oh, hey! I can totally take that system and add 
it to my game!", Please at least try and understand how it works and learn enough so that we could have brought
you even that one bit of new understanding. Also, we would like to thank everyone who plays Feed and has encouraged
us over the course of development; without you guys, Feed would have never become a finish project.

Good luck and we hope to bring you new, better projects in the near future!
 - The Frakture Studios Team


------------- TERMS OF USE

Feed is a developed project of Frakture Studios and we must ask a few things of you; we have faith that these terms
won't pose any problem for you. 

-You may NOT sell or otherwise publically redistribute Feed; It was open sourced solely to BYOND.com and 
the official Frakture Studios forums; if you found this on a site not listed above, please contact me(Matt "Kumorii" Slaughter)
at 'Kumorii@live.com'. 

-You may NOT develop mods or new content that has any sexual or illegal content(according to United States law)

-You may not redistribute the game as your own; if you attempt redistributing on BYOND, we have full faith in the BYOND
moderators to inhibit your BYOND-based publicity a much as possible. Be a good person; not a theiving ass.

-Learn from what we've given you; Our main purpose with open sourcing Feed is to give newer developers a tool to learn
and work with until your capable of developing an entirely new project on your own. We may not provide the best example,
but you should definitely be able to learn from what we've provided you.


Contact---------------------

If you need to contact any of the Fraktrue Studios developers, you may email us through the following addres.

Team Email: Fraktured@gmail.com

OR try our website at:  http://darkerlegendsbyond.com/index.php


------------------------------------------------------------------
Frakture Studios 2012
Marc "ExPixel" |  Chris "Kuro"  | David "Darker Legends" |  Matt "Kumorii" |  Lili "Lilius" | Jason  "Vrocaan" |  Dave  "D-Cire"
